: I realise that this is probably an irritating question for many of you but, does Solus use systemd in any way, or plan to do so in the near future?

Edd Alston-Nogueira : I realise that this is probably an irritating question for many of you but, does Solus use systemd in any way, or plan to do so in the near future?
After you've finished looking, you might want to return to the DailyDiapers Photo Index


After you've finished looking, you might want to return to the DailyDiapers Photo Index
All Weight: 2.267 Weight: 2.267 All Item ID: 1247 Item ID: 1247 All Release date: 14 April 2003 Release date: 14 April 2003 All Is members only: true Is members only: true All Value: 20800 Value: 20800
Hanasaku Iroha centers around 16-year-old Ohana Matsumae who moves from Tokyo to out in the country to live with her grandmother at an onsen Hanasaku Iroha centers around 16-year-old Ohana Matsumae who moves from Tokyo to out in the country to live with her grandmother at an onsen ryokan named Kissuisō.... more
Today

A few passing clouds. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 66F. Winds light and variable..

Tonight

A few passing clouds. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 66F. Winds light and variable.
This product is currently sold out.

The item you just added is unavailable. Please select another product or variant.

The item you just added is unavailable. Please select another product or variant.
Current search: Players drafted between 2003 and 2013, played

Show/Hide Search Form Use the back button to change the form Make Tiny URL

Click on the red text to pre-fill the form with various values Years 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 to 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949
Lightweight, breathable, and fully unlined, our Havana Traveller jackets keep you cool and smooth. Finished with a clean, detailed interior, it's the ultimate in refined practicality.

Lightweight, breathable, and fully unlined, our Havana Traveller jackets keep you cool and smooth.

Lightweight, breathable, and fully unconstructed, our Havana Traveller jackets keep you cool and smooth. Finished with a clean, detailed interior, it's the ultimate in refined practicality.
- Giving real life, tangible examples to support some of its points. This is not only well researched but very interesting and really puts some of the arguments presented into real context.

- Explain how bloggers make money, which I thought I knew everything about but still learned something

- Demonstrate the "chain" of blogs, which since I've read about I sometimes notice when I'm reading an article, and it never occurred to me before. This, I think, is by far, Holiday's

What this book does well:

- Giving real life, tangible examples to support some of its points. This is not only well researched but very interesting and really puts some of the arguments presented into real context.

- Explain how bloggers make money, which I thought I knew everything about but still learned something

- Demonstrate the "chain" of blogs, which since I've read about I sometimes notice when I'm reading an article, and it never occurred to
Rated 4 out of 5 by Phil from Wall phone jack Just installed phone jack on wall, works like it should.

Rated 4 out of 5 by SusieDee from It is just a wall jack, can't get too excited about that. However the ease in finding and order... It is just a wall jack, can't get too excited about that. However the ease in finding and ordering online was just fine. And it is serving it's purpose just fine.
Former Giants third baseman Matt Duffy and his 27-pound cat Skeeter became an internet phenomenom. Former Giants third baseman Matt Duffy and his 27-pound cat Skeeter became an internet phenomenom. Photo: Matt Duffy

An Instagram photo of Matt Duffy's cat Skeeter. An Instagram photo of Matt Duffy's cat Skeeter. Photo: Screenshot Via Instagram

SAN FRANCISCO, CA - MAY 09: Matt Duffy #5 of the San Francisco Giants throws out Jose Bautista #19 of the Toronto Blue Jays in the ninth inning at AT&T Park on May 09, 2016 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Ezra Shaw/Getty Images) less SAN FRANCISCO, CA - MAY 09: Matt Duffy #5 of the San Francisco Giants throws out Jose Bautista #19 of the Toronto Blue Jays in the ninth inning at AT&T Park on May 09, 2016 in San Francisco, California.... more Photo: Ezra Shaw, Getty
Smashing Newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our editors' picks twice a month. Your email Subscribe → With useful tips for web devs. Sent 2× a month.

You can unsubscribe any time — obviously.

Another weekend, and yet another freebie. Today, we are happy to feature a useful icon set, the Simple Icons by Dan Leech. Dan's set contains 100 PNG icons for popular websites, apps and organisations, all in eleven sizes (16, 24, 32, 48, 64, 128, 256, 512, 1024, 2048 and 4096 pixels squared).

Another weekend, and yet another freebie. Today, we are happy to feature a useful icon set, the Simple Icons by Dan Leech. Dan's set contains 100 PNG icons for popular websites, apps and organisations, all in eleven sizes (16, 24, 32, 48, 64, 128, 256, 512, 1024, 2048 and 4096 pixels squared).

The white
liked it


This book was okay, but it was just very'meh' feeling to me. I didn't really ever connect with the main character for some reason. Everything felt sort of generic. I usually love Beauty and the Beast tales too, that's my jam, but this fell flat for me. I wish I could pinpoint what it was other than 'didn't really like the protagonist' but there you have it. Sorry for being vague and not at all helpful. Not sure if I'll continue on with this seri

This book was okay, but it was just very'meh' feeling to me. I didn't really ever connect with the main character for some reason. Everything felt sort of generic. I usually love Beauty and the Beast tales too, that's my jam, but this fell flat for me. I wish I could pinpoint what it was other than 'didn't really like the protagonist' but there you have it. Sorry for being vague
Projects

Virtual x86 Run KolibriOS, Linux or Windows 1.01 in your browser. Run KolibriOS, Linux or Windows 1.01 in your browser.

I Wanna Be Thy Copy A platformer fangame with 2 levels so far. The A platformer fangame with 2 levels so far. The game engine is available.

Game of Life A JavaScript version of Conway's Game of Life, based on the Hashlife-algorithm. Source code available A JavaScript version of Conway's Game of Life, based on the Hashlife-algorithm. Source code available here

<[-<+>]<< << [>>+<<-] >> El Brainfuck A Brainfuck editor & optimizing interpreter, written in JavaScript. It's pretty fast. A Brainfuck editor & optimizing interpreter, written in JavaScript. It's pretty fast.

Other stuff
Use this store to purchase mosquito netting fabric and attachments for your project. If you would like us to custom make a Mosquito Curtain for you, click here.

Use this store to purchase mosquito netting fabric and attachments for your project. Or we can make a custom Mosquito Curtain for you.
(Courtesy | Brian Dawson) Brian Dawson and his wife, Ezinne Dawson. (Courtesy | Brian Dawson) Mormon Sunday school teacher Brian Dawson with his children and his wife, Ezinne Dawson.
His opponent said, "Do you think you understand politics because you can play chess?"

Steinitz said, "Do you think you understand politics because you can't play chess?"
In an attempt to limit harassment of its users, Twitter is In an attempt to limit harassment of its users, Twitter is changing the rules for what you are allowed to tweet.

Here's what you need to know:

Abusive behavior, once part of an "abuse and spam" section, has now been devoted the largest section of the rules. It states, "We don't tolerate behavior that crosses the line into abuse, including behavior that harasses, intimidates, or uses fear to silence another user's voice."

Abusive behavior, once part of an "abuse and spam" section, has now been devoted the largest section of the rules. It states, "We don't tolerate behavior that crosses the line into abuse, including behavior that harasses, intimidates, or uses fear to silence another user's voice." You cannot tweet "hateful conduct," which means: "You may not promote violence against or directly attack or threaten other people on the basis of
The US planned to step in and hand the islands to Argentina following the 1982 invasion.

Early indications by the CIA pointed to Britain 'underestimating' the Argentinian military in a war which was fought 8,000 miles away from London.

The US planned to step in and hand the islands to Argentina following the 1982 invasion

CIA top secret papers reveal that security bosses prepared to offer islanders the choice of relocating to Scotland or to stay and become Argentinian citizens

The then chairman of the National Intelligence Council, Henry Rowen, wrote the plan which was one of 12 million documents published on the CIA's website this week

CIA top secret papers reveal that security bosses prepared to offer islanders the choice of relocating to Scotland or to stay and become Argentinian citizens.

The then chairman of the National Intelligence Council, Henry Rowen, wrote the plan which was one of 12 million documents published on the CIA's website this week.

Rowen
A Literary Device Posted: Wednesday, July 15, 2009 1:41:36 AM

Rank: Newbie


Joined: 7/15/2009

Posts: 1

Neurons: 3

Location: United States

So whats the deal Addicting/Addictive.


Is a game addictive, addicting, or conceivably both/neither? Can a personality be Addicting, Addictive or conceivably both/neither? what do YOU think?

grammargeek Posted: Wednesday, July 15, 2009 2:14:58 AM


Rank: Advanced Member


Joined: 3/21/2009

Posts: 11,145

Neurons: 33,836

Location: Arizona, U.S.

A Literary Device wrote: So whats the deal Addicting/Addictive.


Is a game addictive, addicting, or conceivably both/ne
Kansas City toughens downtown parking regulations

– Reporter, Kansas City Business Journal By Elise Reuter Reporter, Kansas City Business Journal Jun 16, 2014, 4:57pm CDT

– Reporter, Kansas City Business Journal By Elise Reuter Reporter, Kansas City Business Journal Jun 16, 2014, 4:57pm CDT
9/28/2018 Unlike what some academics in finance say, investors can in fact time the stock market. First, use charts properly. Second,...

9/28/2018 Unlike what some academics in finance say, investors can in...
RIP IHavSixLinkSearingTouch (73 dual incinerate templar) 8/11/2013

RIP TwoShavronnesOneFlask 9/11/2014

6L count: 10

GGG is tracking your processes, better stop downloading that My Little Pony porn :^) Posted by Goatsebusters

on on Quote this Post

" Lyralei " TherosPherae

Now, I can't be entirely sure about this, since the "full" keyword has only been used with respect to Life up to this point, but if you take Eldritch Battery, that should give you the 40% movespeed bonus constantly, right? Now, I can't besure about this, since the "full" keyword has only been used with respect to Life up to this point, but if you take Eldritch Battery, that should give you the 40% movespeed bonus constantly, right?


Seeing as
Watch SpongeBob SquarePants S2 Ep20a – Squid on Strike online full episodes streaming. SpongeBob SquarePants S2 Ep20a – Squid on Strike watch online free in high quality at watchcartoonsonline.eu
A half-pound ground chuck burger on a sesame seed bun from Burger Culture. A half-pound ground chuck burger on a sesame seed bun from Burger Culture. Photo: Mike Sutter /San Antonio Express-News

Hand-breaded onion rings from Burger Culture. Hand-breaded onion rings from Burger Culture. Photo: Mike Sutter /San Antonio Express-News

Half-pound bison burger with American cheese and rye whiskey sauce from Burger Culture. Half-pound bison burger with American cheese and rye whiskey sauce from Burger Culture. Photo: Mike Sutter /San Antonio Express-News

Rosemary shoestring fries from Burger Culture. Rosemary shoestring fries from Burger Culture. Photo: Mike Sutter /San Antonio Express-News

window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails
WASHINGTON – Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley is asking whether a suspected former Russian intelligence officer-turned U.S. lobbyist and the firm behind the unsubstantiated anti-Trump dossier should have registered as foreign agents for their efforts to bring down a U.S. law on behalf of the Kremlin. According to a – Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley is asking whether a suspected former Russian intelligence officer-turned U.S. lobbyist and the firm behind the unsubstantiated anti-Trump dossier should have registered as foreign agents for their efforts to bring down a U.S. law on behalf of the Kremlin. According to a complaint filed with the Justice Department, Fusion GPS, which was also involved in the creation of the unsubstantiated dossier alleging collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians, was involved in the pro-Russia campaign to kill the Global Magnitsky Act around the same time.

In 2012, President Obama signed into law the Magnitsky Act, named for a lawyer who
By Victoria Craw for news.com.au and Danny Collins

By Victoria Craw for news.com.au and Danny Collins

Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)

Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)

THE crack US Navy Seal team that killed Osama bin Laden is reportedly training to take out North Korean tyrant Kim Jong-un.

Seal Team Six is taking part in secretive drills alongside other elite US forces in South Korea amid rising tensions with Pyongyang, Seal Team Six is taking part in secretive drills alongside other elite US forces in South Korea amid rising tensions with Pyongyang, news.com.au reports

Getty Images 10 US Navy Seals are reportedly training up in case they are called upon for action in North Korea

Getty Images 10 The elite fighting force is considered the world's best alongside the SAS

Getty Images 10 And they are
Premium Gasoline Not Available How can I share my MPG?

Combined MPG: 28 combined city/highway MPG City MPG: 24 city Highway MPG: 34 highway 3.6 gals/100 miles

2015 Acura ILX 4 cyl, 2.4 L, Manual 6-spd

Premium Gasoline Not Available How can I share my MPG?

Combined MPG: 25 combined city/highway MPG City MPG: 22 city Highway MPG: 31 highway 4.0 gals/100 miles

2015 Acura TLX 4 cyl, 2.4 L, Automatic (AM8)

Combined MPG: 28 combined city/highway MPG City MPG: 24 city Highway MPG: 35 highway 3.6 gals/100 miles

2015 Acura TLX 6 cyl, 3.5 L, Automatic (S9)

Combined MPG: 25 combined city/highway MPG City MPG: 21 city Highway MPG:
San Jose Assistant Police Chief Edgardo Garcia says police are "extremely certain" they have the arsonist. San Jose Assistant Police Chief Edgardo Garcia says police are "extremely certain" they have the arsonist. Photo: Leah Millis, The Chronicle

A photograph of Patrick William Brennan is shown to the media during a press conference outside of the San Jose Police Department Jan. 16, 2014 in San Jose. On Thursday police identified Patrick William Brennan as the main suspect responsible for a dozen blazes that have broken out in the area since Jan. 7. He was taken into custody Wednesday evening by San Jose investigators. less A photograph of Patrick William Brennan is shown to the media during a press conference outside of the San Jose Police Department Jan. 16, 2014 in San Jose. On Thursday police identified Patrick William Brennan... more Photo: Leah Millis, The Chronicle Buy photo

window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c',
PJ Landi, Steve Dryer and Rick Caban move to the next establishment on Bedford Street during the 2015 Stamford SantaCon pub crawl Saturday. PJ Landi, Steve Dryer and Rick Caban move to the next establishment on Bedford Street during the 2015 Stamford SantaCon pub crawl Saturday.

Matt Paz, Mitchell Paz, Robyn Bothwell and Dana Tyle grab a beer at Brickhouse during the 2015 Stamford SantaCon pub crawl Saturday. Matt Paz, Mitchell Paz, Robyn Bothwell and Dana Tyle grab a beer at Brickhouse during the 2015 Stamford SantaCon pub crawl Saturday.

window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3', target_type:'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});

Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Santa Claus(es)
One of the biggest changes in the union movement has happened mostly under the radar, but it has big consequences for union officials, workers and the public at large. Unions used to be powerful in the private sector. But now, most union workers nationwide are government employees. It has been this way since 2009. Since...

One of the biggest changes in the union movement has happened mostly under the radar, but it has big consequences for union officials, workers and the public at large.

Unions used to be powerful in the private sector. But now, most union workers nationwide are government employees. It has been this way since 2009.

Since 2000 unions have lost more than 2 million members in the private sector nationwide, but gained more than 200,000 members in government. Something very similar happened in Illinois, with union membership holding steady in government while membership dropped by 244,000 in the private sector.

With a long history of private-sector unionism, Illinois hasn
Example: [Collected via e-mail, December 2002]


They work more effectively against us than the enermy's armies. They are a hundred times more dangerous to our liberties and the great cause we are engaged in. It is much to be lamented that each state, long ago has not hunted them down as pests to society and the greatest enemies we have to the happiness of America — The Jews. They work more effectively against us than the enermy's armies. They are a hundred times more dangerous to our liberties and the great cause we are engaged in. It is much to be lamented that each state, long ago has not hunted them down as pests to society and the greatest enemies we have to the happiness ofJews.


Origins: Anti-Semitic screeds are nothing new; neither, unfortunately, is the practice of attempting to legitimize them by attributing them to the pens and tongues of

respected figures. After all, if as esteemed a person as
From Yen Press: The air of celebration surrounding fifteen-year-old Oz Vessalius's coming-of-age ceremony quickly turns to horror when he is condemned for a sin about which he knows nothing. He is thrown into an eternal prison known as the Abyss, from which there is no escap...

From Yen Press: The air of celebration surrounding fifteen-year-old Oz Vessalius's coming-of-age ceremony quickly turns to horror when he is condemned for a sin about which he knows nothing. He is thrown into an eternal prison known as the Abyss, from which there is no escape. There, he meets a young girl named Alice, who is not what she seems. Now that the relentless cogs of fate have begun to turn, will they lead only to crushing despair for Oz, or is there some shred of hope for him to grasp on to? Show less
Image 2 of 10 <strong>Mexican immigrants</strong><br> "When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best." <strong>Mexican immigrants</strong><br> "When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best." Photo: Steve Sands / Getty Images

Image 3 of 10 Immigration stereotypes

"They're sending people that have lots of problems and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime, they're rapists, and some, I assume, are good people." "They're sending people that have lots of problems and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime, they're rapists, and some, I assume, are good people." less Immigration stereotypes

"They're sending people that have lots of problems and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime, "They're sending people that have lots of
Spirit

What's Spirit? Spirit is an untethered jailbreak for iPad, iPhone, and iPod touch on certain firmware versions.

jailbreak for on certain firmware versions. Spirit is not a carrier unlock.

. If you currently are using a tethered jailbreak, you have to restore to use Spirit. Do not upgrade if you use an unlock on an iPhone 3G or 3GS. (You can, however, restore to 3.1.2 if you have SHSH blobs for that version.) (If you mistakenly ran Spirit despite using a tethered jailbreak, try these instructions.)

jailbreak, you have to restore to use Spirit. if you use an unlock on an iPhone 3G or 3GS. (You can, however, restore to 3.1.2 if you have SHSH blobs for that version.) Requirements Any iPad, iPhone, or iPod touch on firmware 3.1.2, 3.1.
DGital Media hits podcast gold with Swisher, Kornheiser, King and other influencers

– Sports Business Journal, By John Ourand Sports Business Journal, Dec 3, 2016, 8:21pm EST

– Sports Business Journal, By John Ourand Sports Business Journal, Dec 3, 2016, 8:21pm EST
Show me your bumpers with your lights, fog lights etc!


Main use for Jeep is gonna be adventuring and probably nothing too crazy off road- wise ( for now at least)! I'm thinking of getting the headlight conversion, a front bumper with maybe 2 fogs and 2 other driving/ long range lights. Or maybe even an led bar! SHOW ME YOUR LIGHTS


Appreciate any pics you have of your jeep and what brand they are and how happy you are with them! THANKS!!! Hey everyone, I'm having a tough time deciding on what bumper to get for my 2014 jeep that I'm still waiting on ( factory order). Main mods I want is the bumper so I can add lights!Main use for Jeep is gonna be adventuring and probably nothing too crazy off road- wise ( for now at least)! I'm thinking of getting the headlight conversion, a front bumper with maybe 2 fogs and 2 other driving/ long range lights
Transsexual Daniel Walter Alvarez shows his police credential outside Congress in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Wednesday, May 9, 2012. Argentina's Congress is set to approve on Wednesday the Gender Identity Law, which allows citizens to change their gender in public records, including birth certificates and national identity cards. (AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko) less Transsexual Daniel Walter Alvarez shows his police credential outside Congress in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Wednesday, May 9, 2012. Argentina's Congress is set to approve on Wednesday the Gender Identity Law,... more Photo: Natacha Pisarenko, Associated Press Photo: Natacha Pisarenko, Associated Press Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close In Argentina, sex change surgery becomes a right 1 / 1 Back to Gallery

Buenos Aires --

Adults who want sex-change surgery or hormone therapy in Argentina will be able to get it as part of their public or private health care plans under a gender rights law approved this week.

Senators
On the fictional Island of Sodor in The Railway Series by Rev. W....

On the fictional Island of Sodor in The Railway Series by Rev. W. Awdry,...

On the fictional Island of Sodor in The Railway Series by Rev. W. Awdry, the Skarloey Railway is a...
Rated 5 out of 5 by Oscarfanitny from The plastic is strong enough that even tree branches or... The plastic is strong enough that even tree branches or cut bushes are not poking through the plastic. I'm using to cover weeds and pop-up bushes that have taken over. So far, so good. Very happy with the strength of the product.

Rated 3 out of 5 by Ben from You have to fold it at least twice e. So... You have to fold it at least twice e. So it is thick enough. However. It is very long and it did cover a good area.

Rated 4 out of 5 by Rosie from Thin but worked great for ground coverage. Would definitely... Thin but worked great for ground coverage. Would definitely buy again. Good quality for the price

Rated 5 out of 5 by YIMSOGOOD from Was delivered on time was exactly what I needed Was delivered on time was exactly what I needed

Rated 5
Very simple to make although with a long preparation time. The soup, if cooked as directed will result in a very tasty soup. It's worth the effort, a real homemade recipe.

I'm not sure if I did something wrong, but my rice absorbed all the juices and this just became mush. :/


Asign 0 1

Very simple to make although with a long preparation time. The soup, if cooked as directed will result in a very tasty soup. It's worth the effort, a real homemade recipe. Read more


Joey & Jenessa 0 1

It's a keeper! Very good as is; but we're tinkerers and we: -added small chunks of 1 avacado -1 cup of cilantro -drained the onion mix of excess oil before adding the other items (the soup has... Read more


yd4eva 88 10

I just finished making this soup & i must say it is amazing
I wasn't sure which type of brie to use for this recipe so I went with one of "medium" softness. This was okay but I should have used the "soft" brie because it solidified quickly and we kept h...

Followed recipe exactly. Definately did not like! One person out of 5 said they did! wont be making again


Holly 1k 432

I wasn't sure which type of brie to use for this recipe so I went with one of "medium" softness. This was okay but I should have used the "soft" brie because it solidified quickly and we kept h... Read more


Ms. Chef Esh 1k 592

I have got to admit that I did cheat and use a store bought Bruchetta for this recipe...but let me just say this recipe is fabulous!!! I was browsing for a simple, yet elegant appetizer...and t... Read more



In a series of tweets, Woods says he wasn't always a conservative thinker and was actually a Democrat "until [Bill] #Clinton was impeached. Every single #Democrat without exception stood behind a convicted perjurer. That was the end."

I was for years, until #Clinton was impeached. Every single #Democrat without exception stood behind a convicted perjurer. That was the end. https://t.co/FSQpoBXAAt — James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) August 22, 2017

When asked by one Twitter user how being open about his conservative views affected his career, Woods bluntly said: "While #Liberals scream about the 50's blacklist, my #Repub actor friends are terrified of losing their ability to provide for their families."

While #Liberals scream about the 50's blacklist, my #Repub actor friends are terrified of losing their ability to provide for their families https://t.co/
The president took to Twitter Saturday evening, saying, "We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!"

We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 3, 2017

That triggered CNN host Reza Aslan, who lashed out, writing, "This piece of shit is not just an embarrassment to American and a stain on the presidency. He's an embarrassment to humankind."

This piece of shit is not just an embarrassment to America and a stain on the presidency. He's an embarrassment to humankind. https://t.co/Dl5tMQMhMO — Reza Aslan (@rezaaslan) June 3, 2017

Aslan hosts a show called "Bel
Enlarge this image President Trump addresses a crowd at Boeing's facilities in in North Charleston, S.C., on Feb. 17. Sean Rayford/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Sean Rayford/Getty Images President Trump addresses a crowd at Boeing's facilities in in North Charleston, S.C., on Feb. 17. Sean Rayford/Getty Images

President Trump has said over and over that President Trump has said over and over that creating jobs is at the top of his agenda. It may seem unfair to judge his progress on this goal in his first 100 days, but Trump has opened the door to scrutiny by making his own assertions on job creation.

During a White House meeting with CEOs on April 11, Trump claimed his administration had already created During a White House meeting with CEOs on April 11, Trump claimed his administration had already created over 600,000 jobs

"You see what's going on. You see the numbers," he said. "We've created over 600
L. Bonfield walked (3-0).

G. Koch tripled to center field, 2 RBI (0-0); L. Bonfield scored; E. Lee scored.

D. Fletcher hit by pitch (2-2).

C. Shaddy singled to left field, RBI (0-0); D. Fletcher advanced to second; G. Koch scored.

C Spanberger hit by pitch (0-0); C. Shaddy advanced to second; D. Fletcher advanced to third.

J. Biggers walked, RBI (3-1); C Spanberger advanced to second; C. Shaddy advanced to third; D. Fletcher scored.

H. Wilson walked, RBI (3-1); J. Biggers advanced to second; C Spanberger advanced to third; C. Shaddy scored.

E. Cole singled to shortstop, RBI (1-2); H. Wilson advanced to second; J.
Many were from war-torn countries such as Afghanistan and Eritrea who said they were desperate to get to Britain as quickly as possible.

The mass operation, which involved riot police, unfolded soon after dawn as the mainly young men were forced out of the illegal settlement in the Porte de la Chapelle.

A Paris shanty town containing some 2,500 migrants was pulled to the ground on Friday and its inhabitants 'evacuated' to other parts of France

Many were from war-torn countries such as Afghanistan and Eritrea who said they were desperate to get to Britain as quickly as possible

The mass operation, which involved riot police, unfolded soon after dawn as the mainly young men were forced out of the illegal settlement in the Porte de la Chapelle

It is situated in the north of the city, next to the railway lines where high-speed Eurostar trains travel to London

The evacuated migrant camp is located in the north of the city
Rated 1 out of 5 by HomeDepotCustomer from Product was not as described. I ordered a TH-23070 which... Product was not as described. I ordered a TH-23070 which measures under 2". Product received was marked as a TH-23070 but measured over 2" which would make it a TH-23069.

Rated 5 out of 5 by 14072 from Great product, I replaced it for the broken handled one that was their when we purchased the hous... Great product, I replaced it for the broken handled one that was their when we purchased the house. Works great! Thanks

Rated 5 out of 5 by SNOBUM from This opener was a replacement for the one in a 60 year old plus awning type window, brand unknown... This opener was a replacement for the one in a 60 year old plus awning type window, brand unknown. It required the removal of a small section of the sill to provide room to install the
What's that? Is it a g-g-g-g-g…A g-g-g-great party?! It is! Get your tickets now for our MaxFun NYC Halloween bash at Brooklyn Game Lab. We'll have drinks and food on hand, music, costumes, prizes, game tables and more.

Terrifying Treats

Terrifying Treats Your ticket includes beer and wine. Yay!

Your ticket includes beer and wine. Yay! Devious BYOB Beer Swap for you Hopheads and Homebrewers. Bring something evil for us to sample.

Devious BYOB Beer Swap for you Hopheads and Homebrewers. Bring something evil for us to sample. A costume contest with awesome prizes (including DVDs signed by MaxFun podcast hosts)

A costume contest with awesome prizes Gaming tables for all skill levels. Learn some fun new games, or play some classic favorites

Gaming tables for all skill levels
Premium This Thanksgiving's Gone to the Birds!

Premium (Cyber Monday Box) This Thanksgiving's Gone to the Birds!

Premium (Building Box) 12 x 12 Task Time Reward /h /h Providing Long-Distance Travel Solutions 4h 135, 15 33.75 3.75
Senior Tory MPs Jacob Rees-Mogg and Iain Duncan Smith previously said they would never vote for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, with the former saying last month that he would 'almost certainly vote for Trump if I was American'.

But following Friday's release of a video from 2005 of Mr Trump boasting that stars like him can 'do anything' to women, including grabbing them 'by the p***y', Mr Rees-Mogg made clear he 'could not personally vote for either candidate'.

And Mr Duncan Smith's office made clear today that he is not endorsing Mr Trump.

Senior Tory MPs Jacob Rees-Mogg (left) and Iain Duncan Smith (right) previously said they would never vote for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, with the former saying last month that he would 'almost certainly vote for Trump if I was American'

Mr Duncan Smith, a former Conservative party leader, had previously lavished praise on the Republican presidential candidate, describing him
Track Listing:

I Don't Wanna Be An Asshole Anymore Bad Things Rodent Where Your Heartache Exists My Friend Kyle Transient Love The Talk Nothing Feels Good Anymore Hearts Unknown In Remission Sentimental Physics When You Died

*This purchase includes a digital download for the full album. A download link will be sent to your email shortly after purchase.

IMPORTANT INFO

*This purchase includes a digital download for the full album. A download link will be sent to your email shortly after purchase.
ICYMI: Ranking Member Nadler Statement for the Hearing on H.R. 3945, the Copyright Alternative in Small-Claims Enforcement Act of 2017 WASHINGTON, D.C. -- Yesterday, Congressman Jerrold Nadler (D-NY), Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Committee, delivered the following opening remarks during a Judiciary Committee hearing on H.R. 3945, the Copyright Alternative in Small-Claims Enforcement Act of 2017: "Mr. Chairman, in 2013, you spearheaded a comprehensive bipartisan review of the copyright system that consisted of a careful, thoughtful analysis of...

ICYMI: Statement of Ranking Member Nadler for the Hearing on "The State of Intellectual Freedom in America" Washington, D.C. – Yesterday, Congressman Jerrold Nadler (D-NY) Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Committee, delivered the following opening remarks during a Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice hearing on "The State of Intellectual Freedom in America": "
Trainees file off a rifle range after completing an iteration of rifle marksmanship training with the Syrian Democratic Forces in northern Syria on July 31, 2017. An American citizen who had been fighting for the Islamic State, surrendered to the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces in eastern Syria on or about Sept. 12 and was transferred to U.S. military custody.

WASHINGTON — The U.S. military has detained an American captured in Syria fighting for the Islamic State, the Pentagon said Thursday.

The American citizen surrendered to U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces in eastern Syria on or about Sept. 12 and was transferred to U.S. military custody, said Marine Maj. Adrian Rankine-Galloway, a Pentagon spokesman said.

"The U.S. citizen is being legally detained by Department of Defense personnel as a known enemy combatant," he said. "…[ISIS] fighters who are captured are safe guarded and treated humanely."

En
A NATO data published by World Tribune on Sunday shows that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is winning the war against the foreign –backed opposition, as it stresses that 70 percent of the Syrians support their leader.

A NATO data published by World Tribune on Sunday shows that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is winning the war against the foreign –backed opposition, as it stresses that 70 percent of the Syrians support their leader.

The study, complied Western-sponsored activists and organizations, showed that a majority of Syrians were alarmed by the Al-Qaeda takeover of the opposition and preferred to return to Assad.

"The people are sick of the war and hate the jihadists more than Assad," a Western source familiar with the data said.

"Assad is winning the war mostly because the people are cooperating with him against the rebels."

The American newspaper said that a report to NATO said that Syrians have undergone a change of heart over the last six months.

"The change was
(Difference between revisions)

Revision as of 11:29, 20 September 2015 (edit) Ryulong Talk | contribs) m →‎ Awright, so...: I'll get to this all later ) ← Older edit Revision as of 20:14, 20 September 2015 (edit) (undo) Ryulong Talk | contribs) →‎ Awright, so... ) Newer edit → Line 631: Line 631: :::'''Your mind is clearly made up''' As is yours. So what? :::'''Your mind is clearly made up''' As is yours. So what? :::'''There was clearly no merit to whatever shit video or blog you posted last night''' I have never once in my life posted a video to the Internet (not counting personal videos posted to Facebook, which only my friends can see, and which mostly consist of my son running around the house, and similar non
Aura faint divination; CL 4th

Slot head; Price 5,200 gp; Weight 3 lbs. Description Appearing as a normal helmet, a helm of comprehend languages and read magic grants its wearer the ability to understand the spoken words of any creature and to read text in any language and any magical writing. The wearer gains a +5 competence bonus on Linguistics checks to understand messages written in incomplete, archaic, or exotic forms. Note that understanding a magical text does not necessarily imply ability to use its spells. Construction Requirements Craft Wondrous Item, comprehend languages, read magic; Cost 2,600 gp faint divination;4thhead;5,200 gp;3 lbs.Appearing as a normal helmet, agrants its wearer the ability to understand the spoken words of any creature and to read text in any language and any magical writing. The wearer gains a +5 competence bonus on Linguistics checks to understand messages written in incomplete, archaic, or exotic forms.
The warrants charge Richard Matt and David Sweat with unlawful flight to avoid prosecution, according to William O'Toole, a U.S. Marshals Service spokesman. The warrants clear the way for the federal government to involve its considerable resources in the manhunt.

"Every resource available to us will be used in bringing these two men to justice," O'Toole said.

Officials look at the manhole through which the inmates crawled to freedom.

Officials look at the manhole through which the inmates crawled to freedom.

Gov. Cuomo examines a pipe the inmates cut through. Authorities don't know how the prisoners got the power tools.

Gov. Cuomo examines a pipe the inmates cut through. Authorities don't know how the prisoners got the power tools.

The inmates used power tools to drill through steel pipes as they made their escape.

The inmates used power tools to drill through steel pipes as they made their escape.

Cuomo
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 Fighter Rank fighter count 2 Helix 1 helix 16 8% 3 MinMin 2 minmin 32 16% 4 Helix 3 cobra 26 13% 5 Cobra 4 brass 22 11% 6 Brass 5 spring 21 11% 7 Helix 6 twintelle 26 13% 8 MinMin 7 mechanica 6 3% 9 Spring 8 ribbon 15 8% 10 Helix 9 ByteBarq 14 7% 11 Twintelle 10 Mummy 10 5% 12 MinMin 11 Ninjara 12 6% 13 Cobra 12 14 MinMin 13 15 MinMin 14 16 MinMin 15 17 Brass 16 sum 200 18 Twintelle 17 19 Mecha 18 20 MinMin 19 21 Spring 20 22 Cobra 21 23 Mummy 22 24 Brass 23 25 BB 24 26 Twintelle 25 27 Spring 26 28 Ribbon 27 29 Helix 28 30 Brass 29 31 Brass 30 32 Tw
1. Analyse all packets at high speed in real time

2. Vacuum your server's incoming traffic

3. Mitigate i.e. singling out all the illegitimate IP packets while allowing legitimate ones to pass through 1. Analyse all packets at high speed in real time2. Vacuum your server's incoming traffic3. Mitigate i.e. singling out all the illegitimate IP packets while allowing legitimate ones to pass through

1-Click Modpack Installs We offer 1-click installs of many mod packs including: The 1.7.10 Pack

Tekkit

Attack of the B Team

Hexxit

and more.. If you don't see a modpack you want we will try to add it.

Minecraft Plugin Support Our goal is to help you learn how to run your server with ease. We will help you setup your plugins and teach you how to run them. When we are done you should
Personal life

[15][8] He lived in a number of retirement communities. For several years, he lived with his girlfriend in a retirement community in [15] In 2016 he moved 2,400 miles (3,900 km) west across the country to a new retiree home in [6] According to property records, he bought a single-family home there in 2013.[15] Paddock previously lived in Texas and in California, where he had married once and later divorced.He lived in a number of retirement communities. For several years, he lived with his girlfriend in a retirement community in Reno, Nevada In 2016 he moved 2,400 miles (3,900 km) west across the country to a new retiree home in Mesquite, Nevada, about 80 miles northeast of Las Vegas.According to property records, he bought a single-family home there in 2013.

[16] In 2010, Paddock applied for and received a U.S. passport.

Hoisting is JavaScript's default behavior of moving declarations to the top.

JavaScript Declarations are Hoisted

In JavaScript, a variable can be declared after it has been used.

In other words; a variable can be used before it has been declared.

Example 1 gives the same result as Example 2:

Example 1 x = 5; // Assign 5 to x


elem = document.getElementById("demo"); // Find an element

elem.innerHTML = x; // Display x in the element


var x; // Declare x Try it Yourself »

Example 2 var x; // Declare x

x = 5; // Assign 5 to x


elem = document.getElementById("demo"); // Find an element

elem.innerHTML = x; // Display x in the element

Try it Yourself »

To understand this, you have
by Not motbob

Na'Vi does the impossible and the crowd in Seattle reacts. Should watch in 1080p. Y'all who got here from the Youtube front page are probably confused. Watch this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDaJes0T1Ig

iG vs Na`Vi Game 2, Winner Bracket Semifinals - The International - English Commentary

by dota2

iG vs Na`Vi Game 2, Winner Bracket Semifinals - The International - English Commentary
The Rest of the Story

Nick Perugini

Last month we brought you the story of the famous Cunard cruise liner Queen Elizabeth 2 (QE2), which grounded on 7 August 1992 off the coast of Martha's Vineyard and the state of Rhode Island. Captain Lusk stated that the US judicial system arrived at the wrong decision regarding who was at fault for the QE2 grounding and suggested that the US agency for this survey, the US Coast and Geodetic Survey, predecessor to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), should have investigated and determined the shoal depth. On this page we give NOAA the opportunity to respond to this.


View Larger Map


Last month we brought you the story of the famous Cunard cruise liner Queen Elizabeth 2(QE2), which grounded on 7 August 1992 off the coast of Martha's Vineyard and the state of Rhode Island. Captain Lusk stated that the US judicial system arrived at
New 8 th Gen Intel® Core™ desktop processors and Intel® Z370 chipset are perfect for gamers, content creators and overclockers with a range of unlocked 1 "K" processors.

Gen Intel® Core™ desktop processors and Intel® Z370 chipset are perfect for gamers, content creators and overclockers with a range of unlocked "K" processors. Includes a new Intel® Core™ i7 desktop processor that is the best gaming processor ever from Intel 2, first-ever 6-core Intel® Core™ i5 desktop processor and 4-core Intel® Core™ i3 desktop processor.

, first-ever 6-core Intel® Core™ i5 desktop processor and 4-core Intel® Core™ i3 desktop processor. Performance boosts that deliver frame rate improvements of up to 25 percent3 compared with 7th Gen Intel Core for smooth gaming experiences and up to 65 percent faster editing4 in content creation compared with a 3-year-old machine.


In 1982, three Allentown guys sat on a billboard for 261 days to win a house Oct 1

Actress/writer Abbi Jacobson attends The Broad City Season 2 Premiere Party at 26 Bridge Street on January 7, 2015 in New York City. (Photo by Stephen Lovekin/Getty Images for Comedy Central)

Actress/writer Abbi Jacobson attends The Broad City Season 2 Premiere Party at 26 Bridge Street on January 7, 2015 in New York City. (Photo by Stephen Lovekin/Getty Images for Comedy Central)

Let it be known that Broad City star Abbi Jacobson remembers her roots. Sort of.

The Pennsylvania native called into Preston & Steve today to talk, among other things, the success of Broad City, growing up on the 'tough streets' of Wayne, and, of course, Jacobson's own love for the Conestoga High School hockey team.

"I love that you mentioned the tough streets of
An editable copy of this chapter, click here.

Please click on the character names for their illustration, if any.

Characters in this chapter:

Cohen Kheda: The main character.

The main character. Marfa, Jack, Wilder, Moya: Cohen's childhood friends and firm supports.

Cohen's childhood friends and firm supports. Fischer Summers: Cohen's friend and the prince of the Swabia Empire.

Cohen's friend and the prince of the Swabia Empire. Climos Summers : King of Swabia Empire.

: King of Swabia Empire. Luhrmann : The Swabian Prime Minister assigned by the holy temple.

: The Swabian Prime Minister assigned by the holy temple. Visual Kheda: Cohen Kheda's father and Duke of the Swabia Empire.

Phrases in this chapter:

IGT: The
JETPLOW

(TS//SI//REL) JETPLOW is a firmware persistence implant for Cisco PIX Series and ASA (Adaptive Security Appliance) firewalls. It persists DNT's BANANAGLEE software implant. JETPLOW also has a persistent back-door capability.

(TS//SI//REL) JETPLOW is a firmware persistence implant for Cisco PIX Series and ASA (Adaptive Security Appliance) firewalls. It persists DNT's BANANAGLEE software implant and modifies the Cisco firewall's operating system (OS) at boot time. If BANANAGLEE support is not available for the booting operating system, it can install a Persistent Backdoor (PDB) designed to work with BANANAGLEE'S communications structure, so that full access can be reacquired at a later time. JETPLOW works on Cisco's 500
Rangda's Mask Details Item Type: Offensive Item Tier: Tier 3 Cost: 1300 Total Cost: 2500 Stats: +15 Penetration

+35 Physical Power

+70 Magical Power Active Effect: Passive Effect: GAIN DAMAGE, SACRIFICE DEFENSE

Only can be bought by Warriors, Guardians

+15% Ability Damage Dealt

+20% Basic Attack Damage Dealt

+25% Damage Taken Active Cooldown: Passive Cooldown:

Rangda's Mask is one of the Items in SMITE.

Item Cost /

Total Cost Stats Passive Effect

Mask 500 +50 Health

+50 Mana None

Fighter's Mask 700

(1200) +10 Penetration

+20 Physical Power

+50 Magical Power PASSIVE - Only can be bought by Warriors, Guardians

Rangda's Mask 1300

(2500) +15 Penetration

+35
Your doctor can diagnose an ingrown toenail based on your symptoms and a physical examination of your nail and the surrounding skin.

Treatment

Ingrown toenail treatment Ingrown toenail treatment

If home remedies haven't helped your ingrown toenail, your doctor may recommend:

Lifting the nail. For a slightly ingrown nail (redness and pain but no pus), your doctor may carefully lift the ingrowing nail edge and place cotton, dental floss or a splint under it. This separates the nail from the overlying skin and helps the nail grow above the skin edge. At home, you'll need to soak the toe and replace the material daily.

For a slightly ingrown nail (redness and pain but no pus), your doctor may carefully lift the ingrowing nail edge and place cotton, dental floss or a splint under it. This separates the nail from the overlying skin and helps the nail grow
Sorry, data for given user is currently unavailable. Please, try again later.

Invite to friends

Invite to friends

Accept invitation

Accept invitation

Pending invitation...

User since {{ user.formattedDateUserJoined }} Friends since {{ user.formattedDateUserFriended }}

Unblock chat User blocked

This user's wishlist is not public.

You can't chat with this user due to their or your privacy settings.

You can't chat with this user because you have blocked him.
Smokey: [taking a crap outside] You better not tell anybody man.

Ezal: Man, I'm not, man.

Smokey: Keep it on the low.

Ezal: Alright brother. (looks around) HEY, SMOKEY BACK HERE TAKIN' A SHIT!

Ezal: Alright brother. [looks around] HEY, SMOKEY BACK HERE TAKIN' A SHIT!

Smokey: Ezal!
Showing 1 - 40 of 134 images

Posted on 11 January 2011, 09:11 UTC by: flamedance58 Score Base +8, Kanuro5 +1, cman1361 +6, lionsroar89 +4, 188Kasrkin +1, Phaos +14, Sushilicious +26, YukaThunder +6, Banryu +5, Kur3k +1, Zero Angel +28, HabaneroJim +10, DevilsAdvocate +5, and 13 more...

Posted on 23 May 2011, 00:25 UTC by: skitzojoe Score Base +1, Kanuro5 +1, cman1361 +6, lionsroar89 +4, Phaos +14, Sushilicious +26, RandomzX9 +3, Banryu +5, Brazzer4Chan2 +1, DevilsAdvocate +5, Kaoshammer +7, Baseballbat
Kajetan Poznański, 27, from Warsaw, has no previous criminal record but is now listed by European-wide police network Europol as one of the EU's most-wanted men.

Authorities believe that the fugitive, now on the run, killed his Italian language teacher, known only as Katarzyna J, 30, on February 3 at her home, dismembered her body with a samurai sword, took the parts to his house and set fire to it to cover his tracks.

Kajetan Poznański, 27, from Warsaw, has no previous criminal record but is now listed by European-wide police network Europol as one of the EU's most-wanted men

Police say Poznański packed her head in a rucksack, the other body parts in a suitcase, then used a taxi to travel back to his home.

Her remains were discovered by firefighters
Box put up on private woodland near Rugby, Warwickshire, four years ago

It was previously home to a family of Little Owls and has catflap-sized hole

Estate officers shocked to see mother cat and kittens poking heads out


Having a catflap-sized hole and being far away from foxes is a decent outdoor home for any moggy.

But you wouldn't have expected this black and white cat to move into an owl box 20ft up an old oak tree - clambering up and giving birth to four cute kittens there.

The box, which was put up on private woodland near Rugby, Warwickshire, around four years ago to attract more wildlife to the area, had previously been home to a family of Little Owls.

New home: This black and white cat has set up home in an owl box up an old oak tree - clambering up there and giving birth to four cute kittens
Sheddrick and Kia Miller and their two young children were found Wednesday morning after police were called around 10:30 to the family's home near Irmo, South Carolina

The man's mother came across the grisly scene when she hadn't heard from her son for a number of days and went to check on the family

She immediately called 911 after discovering the bodies scattered throughout the two-story home

A family of Jehovah's Witnesses have been found dead in their South Carolina home after what police say was a shocking murder-suicide.

The bodies of a couple - believed to be Sheddrick and Kia Miller - and their two young children were found Wednesday morning scattered throughout the family's two-story home near Irmo.

Police were called to the home around 10:30 a.m. after man's mother discovered the grim scene.

Scroll down for video


Tragedy: Sheddrick and Kia Miller
There are two easy ways to share files with others

Go to the Torrents tab in your client.

Select one or more torrents. (Select multiple torrents using CTRL or SHIFT.)

Click SEND in the toolbar. Or right-click on the selected torrent(s) and select Send Torrent.

Follow the on-screen instructions. At the end of the process, click Copy Link. Now, send this link to whomever you'd like via e-mail, chat, etc.

They simply enter it into a Web browser to receive client installation instructions and a download button.

Locate the file or folder you want to share.

Drag and drop the file or folder onto the client interface and then follow instructions. At the end of the process, click Copy Link. Now, send this link to whomever you'd like via e-mail, chat, etc.

They simply enter it into a Web browser to
Director Events manager Events manager Event promotion Director

List of companies where Tanzeel Rehman was involved. Free company director check. Tanzeel Rehman currently holds the position of a Director (DIRECTOR) in LOWERCASE CARDIFF LIMITED and Director (EVENTS MANAGER) in TEE R CONSULTING LTD. He has been a Director (DIRECTOR) of LOWERCASE CARDIFF LIMITED for 4 years, Director (EVENTS MANAGER) of TEE R CONSULTING LTD for 5 years.

Active Directorships

2 Resigned Directorships

0 Closed Directorships

3 Total Directorships

5

Personal history
FEMA Director of Public Affairs Rafael Lemaitre sent out a tweet Friday, Jan. 8 that the stated the agency is "closely following the #FlintWater situation." Lemaitre sent out another tweet a short on his Twitter account that read:

"FEMA has also deployed 2 liaisons to the MI Emergency Ops Center for technical assistance. #FlintWater."

FEMA has also deployed 2 liaisons to the MI Emergency Ops Center for technical assistance. #FlintWater -- Rafael Lemaitre (@FEMAspox) January 8, 2016

It is not clear whether Gov. Rick Snyder requested the help from FEMA or whether the agency sent the officials on its own accord, according to a report from the Detroit Free Press.

The emergency operations center was activated after Governor Rick Snyder declared a state of emergency for Genesee County on Tuesday, Jan. 5.

The information center is set up to help with health and safety issues caused
Stumpy, Trusty

Greevil: Determined, Voracious, wicked, Merciless


To enter: draw the courier you want using MSPaint (tablet is accepted), winner will be choose randomly via random.org


This contest's purpose is to encourage people to buy courier in-game, please restrain if you already have your own. (not that you cant enter, but think about the humanity)


Contest end on Nov 24th(exactly 7 days from now). Winner will be notify via TL pm and have to response in 2 days period.


edit:

I have 6 extra couriers to give away:Stumpy, TrustyGreevil: Determined, Voracious, wicked, MercilessTo enter: draw the courier you want using MSPaint (tablet is accepted), winner will be choose randomly via random.orgThis contest's purpose is to encourage people to buy courier in-game, please
21

14

14,743

Download

Add to

Want to watch this video again later?

Sign in to add this video to a playlist

Sign in or Register

Please confirm your email address

to use this functionality

Click here

Want to watch this video again later?

Sign in to add this video to a playlist

Sign in or Register
Individuals with IQ values above 140 have excellent presumption for creative activity and show direction to others. Almost 3% of the population can reach IQ values within 130 and 140. This IQ value is exceptionally high.

IQ value above 140

Individuals who have IQ above 140 have excellent presumption for creative activity and show the right direction to others. They are geniouses in their era, think up new theories and instruments. There is approximately 0,2% of them in the population, among celebrities for example Bill Gates or Stephen Hawking.

IQ value between 131 and140

Almost 3% of the population can reach IQ values within 130 and 140. This IQ value is exceptionally high. Individuals with these values are good managers or professionals in the field aswell as good scientists and researchers. For example governor of California, former actor Arnold Schwarzenegger or actress Nicole Kidman have IQ in these values.

IQ values between 121 and 130

IQ values within 121 and 130 are highly
Inventory Tradelist Wishlist MTG DECKS (14) edh ideas favorite cards legacy ideas modern ideas new EDH


Market deals

Windswept Heath $12.50 Buy Please consider subscribing to a premium account, which provides useful features and removes ads. Please consider subscribing to a premium account, which provides useful features and removes ads. View More Details Remove ads jakemoney3 Location: United States - Texas - Tyler Score: 0 (100%) - 0 0 0 Last seen online: Will trade cards: Local Member of: Reddit MTG Trades Seller profile Seller profile Top cards available from this seller. Log in to see what he has available from your wishlist. Top cards available from this seller.to see what he has available from your wishlist. Card name Details (each) Browse All

Sign up and log in to see what cards in your wishlist this user can trade with you. Sign up and log in to see what cards in
You just sit there and sulk, sit there and bawl

You are so pretty when you're on your knees

Disinfected, eager to please

Sometimes you sulk, sometimes you burn

God rest your soul

When the loving comes and we've already gone

Just like your dad, you'll never change

Each time it comes it eats me alive

I try to behave but it eats me alive

So I declare a holiday

Fall asleep, Drift away

Sometimes you sulk, sometimes you burn

God rest your soul

When the loving comes and we've already gone

Just like your dad, you'll never change

Sometimes you sulk, sometimes you burn

God rest your soul

When the loving comes and we've already gone

Just like your dad, You'll never change


SONG INFORMATION

Released: March 1995

Found on:
British GT Championship

Blancpain Endurance Championship

Year 2014 Drivers Derek Johnston

Ryan Ratcliffe DOWNLOAD BMW M3 E92 Fall-Line Motorsports Team Fall-Line Motorsports Car BMW M3 E92 Number 46 Series Continental Tire Sportscar Challenge Year 2015 Drivers Ashley Freiberg

Trent Hindman DOWNLOAD McLaren MP4-12C GT3 ART Grand Prix Team ART Grand Prix Car McLaren MP4-12C GT3 Number 98 Series Blancpain Endurance Series Year 2014 Drivers Alex Premat

Alvaro Parente

Gregoire Demoustier DOWNLOAD Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG GT3 Fortec Motorsports Team Fortec Motorsports Car Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG GT3 Number 63 Series Blancpain Sprint Series Year 2014 Drivers Miguel Toril

Benji Hetherington DOWNLOAD Erebus Motorsports Team Erebus Motorsports Car Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG GT3 Number 36 & 63 Series Bath
Works with Python 2 and 3.

Documentation here.

Install

pip install sklearn-evaluation

Optional dependencies

If you want to use the reports module you need to install mistune and tabulate for the tables module

# for generating reports pip install mistune # for the table module pip install tabulate

Usage

plot module

Generate evaluation plots with a single function call.

from sklearn_evaluation import plot # code for data loading and model training plot.confusion_matrix(y_true, y_pred, target_names = target_names)

table module

Generate good looking tables from your model results.

from sklearn_evaluation import table # code for data loading and training table.feature_importances(model)

+-----------+--------------+-----------+ | name | importance | std | +===========+==============+===========
Vote for your favorite pictures by clicking ✔, or click on a picture to see a larger version.

<<<first [page 1 of 262] next> last>>>

<<<first <previous [page 1 of 262] next> last>>>
Around The Web | Powered by ZergNet

Around The Web | Powered by ZergNet

Add it to your IMDbPage

How Much Have You Seen?

How much of Arslan Elver's work have you seen?
Around The Web | Powered by ZergNet

Around The Web | Powered by ZergNet

Add it to your IMDbPage

How Much Have You Seen?

How much of Omid Abtahi's work have you seen?
New legislation will mean anyone watching hit shows such as Sherlock, Luther or Match of the Day on iPlayer catch up will have to pay the fee even if they do so whilst on the move.

Currently anyone with a device to access live television has to by law pay the annual £145.50 licence fee unless they only use the screen for catch-up programmes.

New legislation will mean anyone watching hit shows such as Sherlock, Luther or Match of the Day on catch-up will have to pay the fee even if they do so whilst they are on the move

The Government and the BBC wants to close a loophole which lets 'freeloaders' watch as many BBC shows on its iPlayer catch-up service as they like without paying. BBC bosses say the loophole costs them £150million a year.

One option being considered is to make users sign in with a password linked in with a television licence before they can watch live or catch-up programmes.
Lvl. 1 Summons a Flame Spirit that supports attack for 10 seconds. (Attack power: 75, HP: 1000). Requires: Acquire 5 different wizards.

Class:

Wizard


Type:

Summons Lvl. 2 Summons a flame spirit that supports attack for 10 seconds. (Attack Power: 100, HP: 1500) Requires: Acquire Lost Mountain Girl.

Lvl. 3 Summons a flame spirit that supports attack for 10 seconds. When the party uses a chain-3, the spirit's attack is increased by 25%. (Attack Power: 175, HP: 2000) Requires: Acquire Lilith.

Lvl. 4 Summons a flame spirit that supports attack for 10 seconds. When the party uses a chain-3, the spirit's attack is increased by 25%. (Attack Power: 250, HP: 3500) Requires: Acquire 20 different wizards.
Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less Please enter a quantity of 1 Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer Please enter quantity of 1 or more Please enter a lower number Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$ You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$
Gatton woman Joanne Marie McCauley has been named as the prime suspect in a hit-and-run that claimed the life of Hong Kong national Shui Ki Chan. Supplied

A HELIDON woman has been named as a suspect in a hit-and-run that claimed the life of a Hong Kong national after she allegedly boasted about it to family and friends.

Shui Ki Chan, 25, was riding his pushbike home from work along the Warrego Highway near UQ Gatton on August 22, 2012, when he was struck and left for dead in a ditch near the road.

A coronial inquest into his death began on Tuesday in the Brisbane Magistrates Court where shocking details surrounding Mr Chan's death were revealed for the first time.

Counsel assisting the coroner Peter De Waard said the suspected driver Joanne Marie McCauley, who is originally from Rockhampton, had allegedly boasted to family and friends about killing the
this device failed after about two years. to someone my age, a hardwired device with no moving parts like this one, or like an electrical plug, the lifespan sho this device failed after about two years. to someone my age, a hardwired device with no moving parts like this one, or like an electrical plug, the lifespan should be well, endless. how many times have you had to replace an electrical plug, or a two pin to three pin electrical plug adaptor? never? maybe younger people are accepting of this kind of quality, but i'm not. i am vexed having to pay $25 every two years to replace this device. shame on the manufacturer. More(Read full review)
The Boston Police Department is calling on Antifa to immediately cease throwing urine at its officers. " # BPD is asking individuals to refrain from throwing urine, bottles and other harmful projectiles at our officers." tweeted the Boston Police Department.

Boston Police Commissioner confirms bottles filled with urine were thrown at officers during protest.

Boston Police Commissioner says bottles filled with urine were thrown at officers during protest https://t.co/srYfo8OheR pic.twitter.com/a9B52iZ1sa — CBS News (@CBSNews) August 19, 2017

Reporter Michele McPhee tweeted a photo of Antifa members, writing "Counterprotesters have been asked by @bostonpolice to stop assaulting cops with bottles of urine etc".

Counterprotesters have been asked by @bostonpolice to stop assaulting cops with bottles of urine etc pic.twitter.com/o81oqdBVOH — Michele McPhee (@Michele
Any person having knowledge of a warrant, subpoena, application, order, or other authorization which has been issued or obtained pursuant to the action of an investigative or law enforcement officer as authorized by this chapter, who:

(a) With intent to obstruct, impede, or prevent an investigation, criminal prosecution, or civil, regulatory, or forfeiture action on behalf of the State of Florida or a political subdivision thereof; or

(b) With intent to obstruct, impede, or prevent the obtaining by an investigative or law enforcement officer of the information or materials sought pursuant to such warrant, subpoena, application, order, or authorization

gives notice or attempts to give notice of the investigation, criminal prosecution, or civil, regulatory, or forfeiture action, warrant, subpoena, application, order, or other authorization to any person commits a felony of the third degree, punishable as provided in s. 775.082, s. 775.083, s. 775.084
I'm buying another pair

Bought these shoes back during April 2015, and I've got to say they've held up extremely nicely. I've constantly worn them almost everyday because I longboard and these shoes really allowed me to feel...Read complete review

Bought these shoes back during April 2015, and I've got to say they've held up extremely nicely. I've constantly worn them almost everyday because I longboard and these shoes really allowed me to feel where me feet are at all times on my board. They look great and are extremely durable. Put em through the washing machine and dryer and scrub the sole will bleach and they'll always look good. The only thing I'd recommend is buying them a size or half bigger than usual because they fit smug. Myself, im about to cop another pair of Era 59s in a different colour. Hands down the best pair of shoes I've ever owned.
Blue songs are songs that you can only get by purchasing the entire album.

are songs that you can only get by purchasing the entire album. Red songs are songs that have been removed from the album. (see Removed Tracks)

are songs that have been removed from the album. (see Removed Tracks) A " " indicates a song used in-comic, and clicking the logo will link you to the page it was used on.

Contents show]

Homestuck Vol. 1 Edit

Released August 9th, 2009

This album was removed in October 24, 2011 and has been replaced by Homestuck Vol. 1​-​4.

Showtime (Piano Refrain) (2:20) Harlequin (1:43) Showtime (Original Mix) (2:09) Sburban Jungle (Brief Mix) (1:36) Aggrieve (Violin Refrain) (1:34)
Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch (24) at the preseason game against Seattle Seahawks in Oakland, Calif., Thursday, Aug. 31, 2017. Heidi Fang Las Vegas Review-Journal @HeidiFang

Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch (24) runs the ball against Tennessee Titans free safety Kevin Byard (31) in the first half of an NFL football game Sunday, Sept. 10, 2017, in Nashville, Tenn. (AP Photo/Mark Zaleski)

Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch (24) on the sideline in the first half of a NFL preseason game against the Seattle Seahawks in Oakland, Calif., Thursday, Aug. 31, 2017. Heidi Fang Las Vegas Review-Journal @HeidiFang

Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch (24) and tackle Donald Penn (72) warm up prior to the preseason game against Seattle Seahawks in Oakland, Calif., Thursday, Aug. 31,
Scott tweeted at 2:19 p.m., about two hours after the rampage began.

"Praying for Texas and all those who were killed in the shooting," the governor said.

Praying for Texas and all those who were killed in the shooting. https://t.co/9C9U7N1lID — Rick Scott (@FLGovScott) November 5, 2017

"We pray for the Sutherland Springs community in this difficult time. So incredibly thankful to first responders," Republican Sen. Marco Rubio tweeted.

We pray for the Sutherland Springs community in this difficult time. So incredibly thankful to first responders. #SutherlandSpringsTexas — Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) November 5, 2017

"Tragic shooting in Sutherland Springs, TX. My heart goes out to the victims and their families. Continuing to monitor this horrible incident," said Rep. Lois Frankel, D-West Palm Beach.

Tragic
